Documentation/Help/424d6a65-18ed-05ff-222e-ad25400f3cbc.md, before:

# PagingIQueryableExtensions.BeginPagingAsync(*T*) Method 
 

\[Missing <summary> documentation for "M:Microsoft.Azure.Documents.PagingIQueryableExtensions.BeginPagingAsync``1(System.Linq.IQueryable{``0})"\]

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="856b2e23-9c8b-2618-f913-67d85d500616">Microsoft.Azure.Documents</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;DocumentDbExtensions (in DocumentDbExtensions.dll) Version: 1.1.1.0 (1.1.1.0)

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public static Task<DocumentsPage<T>> BeginPagingAsync<T>(
	this IQueryable<T> query
)

```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
<ExtensionAttribute>
Public Shared Function BeginPagingAsync(Of T) ( 
	query As IQueryable(Of T)
) As Task(Of DocumentsPage(Of T))
```

**C++**<br />
``` C++
public:
[ExtensionAttribute]
generic<typename T>
static Task<DocumentsPage<T>^>^ BeginPagingAsync(
	IQueryable<T>^ query
)
```

**F#**<br />
``` F#
[<ExtensionAttribute>]
static member BeginPagingAsync : 
        query : IQueryable<'T> -> Task<DocumentsPage<'T>> 

```


#### Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>query</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb351562" target="_blank">System.Linq.IQueryable</a>(*T*)<br />\[Missing <param name="query"/> documentation for "M:Microsoft.Azure.Documents.PagingIQueryableExtensions.BeginPagingAsync``1(System.Linq.IQueryable{``0})"\]</dd></dl>

#### Type Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>T</dt><dd>\[Missing <typeparam name="T"/> documentation for "M:Microsoft.Azure.Documents.PagingIQueryableExtensions.BeginPagingAsync``1(System.Linq.IQueryable{``0})"\]</dd></dl>

#### Return Value
Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd321424" target="_blank">Task</a>(<a href="5a3674e4-2b1a-2bad-ab7b-08208cdce377">DocumentsPage</a>(*T*))<br />\[Missing <returns> documentation for "M:Microsoft.Azure.Documents.PagingIQueryableExtensions.BeginPagingAsync``1(System.Linq.IQueryable{``0})"\]

#### Usage Note
In Visual Basic and C#, you can call this method as an instance method on any object of type <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb351562" target="_blank">IQueryable</a>(*T*). When you use instance method syntax to call this method, omit the first parameter. For more information, see <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb384936.aspx">Extension Methods (Visual Basic)</a> or <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb383977.aspx">Extension Methods (C# Programming Guide)</a>.

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="8c2e3a03-f1de-8b54-74c8-f5360d57c48e">PagingIQueryableExtensions Class</a><br /><a href="856b2e23-9c8b-2618-f913-67d85d500616">Microsoft.Azure.Documents Namespace</a><br />

Commit message:

fix some documentation warnings, downgrade docdb ref to 1.13.0

Documentation/Help/424d6a65-18ed-05ff-222e-ad25400f3cbc.md, after:

# PagingIQueryableExtensions.BeginPagingAsync(*T*) Method 
 

Starts paging of query results

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="856b2e23-9c8b-2618-f913-67d85d500616">Microsoft.Azure.Documents</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;DocumentDbExtensions (in DocumentDbExtensions.dll) Version: 1.1.2.0 (1.1.2.0)

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public static Task<DocumentsPage<T>> BeginPagingAsync<T>(
	this IQueryable<T> query
)

```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
<ExtensionAttribute>
Public Shared Function BeginPagingAsync(Of T) ( 
	query As IQueryable(Of T)
) As Task(Of DocumentsPage(Of T))
```

**C++**<br />
``` C++
public:
[ExtensionAttribute]
generic<typename T>
static Task<DocumentsPage<T>^>^ BeginPagingAsync(
	IQueryable<T>^ query
)
```

**F#**<br />
``` F#
[<ExtensionAttribute>]
static member BeginPagingAsync : 
        query : IQueryable<'T> -> Task<DocumentsPage<'T>> 

```


#### Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>query</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb351562" target="_blank">System.Linq.IQueryable</a>(*T*)<br />Instance of IQueryable to operate on</dd></dl>

#### Type Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>T</dt><dd>Returned type</dd></dl>

#### Return Value
Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd321424" target="_blank">Task</a>(<a href="5a3674e4-2b1a-2bad-ab7b-08208cdce377">DocumentsPage</a>(*T*))<br />The first page of results

#### Usage Note
In Visual Basic and C#, you can call this method as an instance method on any object of type <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb351562" target="_blank">IQueryable</a>(*T*). When you use instance method syntax to call this method, omit the first parameter. For more information, see <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb384936.aspx">Extension Methods (Visual Basic)</a> or <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb383977.aspx">Extension Methods (C# Programming Guide)</a>.

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="8c2e3a03-f1de-8b54-74c8-f5360d57c48e">PagingIQueryableExtensions Class</a><br /><a href="856b2e23-9c8b-2618-f913-67d85d500616">Microsoft.Azure.Documents Namespace</a><br />
